Oh, Mr. Gu, you are so bad
Men are not bad
Women don't love
Does Mr. Jiang also like Mr. Gu's style?
Don't mention that woman to me
Look cold all day
It's annoying to watch
Can I accompany Gu more in the future?
Yes, but
Are you afraid that your boyfriend will be angry?
Forget about him
He's just a stepping stone for me to climb up
Beat me half to death at the barbecue stand last time
If it weren't for the money
I would have let him go to jail long ago
Besides, with Gu Zongbi
His family affairs are not enough
You little fox
Really snobbish
Do you like it, Mr. Gu?
I like it, of course I like it.
Don't panic, I told you not to let it go.
Bitch has to play with me